Update w3-account.md (#16)
web3-storage/specs: w3-account.md

> Conceptually it is similar to [authentication cookies][cookies]. It allows storing stateful information _(such as out-of-bound email authorization)_ in a stateless UCAN proof.

The sequence diagram below gives an overview of a complete authentication flow as described in this document.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  participant Agent as 👩‍💻<br/><br/>did:key:zAgent
  participant W3 as 🌐<br/><br/>did:web:web3.storage #32;
  participant Email as 📬<br/><br/>alice@web.mail

  Agent ->> W3: access/authorize
  Note right of Agent:🎟<br/>with: did:key:zAgent<br/>as: did:mailto:alice@web.mail
  W3 ->> Email: ✉️ Verification email
  Email ->> W3: 🔗 Approve
  W3 -->> Agent: ./update
    Note right of Agent:🎫<br/>with: did:web:web3.storage<br/>key: did:key:zAgent
```

# Terminology

## Account

An account is a [principal][] identified by [`did:mailto`][] identifier. User MAY delegate capabilities to the account, allowing the owner to claim them. Users MAY delegate capabilities to any account no matter who owns it. There MUST be no limitations on what capabilities can be delegated to an account.

## Authorization

> User interacts with a system through an agent that they authorized to represent their account. However, there is currently no way to resolve account key(s) from the [`did:mailto`][] documents, which makes it impossible to verify that [UCAN][] issued by [`did:mailto`] principal is signed by authorized agent. We address this limitation through notarization process: Agent sends authorization request to a trusted intermidiery (notary), which arranges out-of-bound authorization by sending an email to a user with a link to authorize agent. If user clicks the link notary sends signed delegation, which agent can use as a prove of authorization on undersigners authority.

Author: ```suggestion
User interacts with a system through an agent that they authorized to represent their account. However, there is currently no way to resolve account key(s) from the [`did:mailto`][] documents, which makes it impossible to verify that [UCAN][] issued by [`did:mailto`] principal is signed by authorized agent. We address this limitation through notarization process: Agent sends authorization request to a trusted intermediary (notary), which arranges out-of-bound authorization by sending an email to a user with a link to authorize agent. If user clicks the link notary sends signed delegation, which agent can use as a prove of authorization on intermediaries authority.
```

[principal]: https://github.com/ucan-wg/spec/blob/main/README.md#321-principals
[recipient validation]: https://github.com/ucan-wg/spec/blob/main/README.md#621-recipient-validation
[`did:key`]: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/

> [issue `as`]: #authorize-as
> [issue `with`]: #authorize-with

Author: ```suggestion
[authorize `as`]: #authorize-as
[authorize `with`]: #authorize-with
```
